---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I'm a third year undergraduate student from [Department of Automation](https://automation.sjtu.edu.cn/), [Shanghai Jiao Tong University](https://www.sjtu.edu.cn/), China. My research interest includes machine learning, and robotics.

I am very fortunate to be advised by [Prof. Xiaolin Huang](http://www.pami.sjtu.edu.cn/xiaolin) of Shanghai Jiao Tong University Institute of Image Processing and Pattern Recognition from [Department of Automation](https://automation.sjtu.edu.cn/), Shanghai Jiao Tong University. I was advised by [Prof. Jianping He](https://iwin-fins.com/) of IWIN-FINS Lab from [Department of Automation](https://automation.sjtu.edu.cn/), Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China.

You can find my CV here: [Jinghao Zheng's Curriculum Vitae](../assets/jhzheng_CV.pdf).

Contact
======
* Address: No.800, Dongchuan Road, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Minhang District, Shanghai City, China
* Email: zjh20030406 [at] sjtu [dot] edu [dot] cn
* Phone: (+86)-19817506664
* Wechat: z820770061

Education
======
Sept. 2021 – Jun. 2025(expected): Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SJTU), Shanghai, China              
B.E. in Automation(Computer Science and Engineering), Minor in Finance
* Major GPA:3.81/4.3
* Centesimal grade average:89.12/100
* Core Courses: Calculus ΙΙ(98), Probability and Statistics(99), Linear Algebra(92), Discrete Mathematics(93),
Data Structure(90), Principles of Automatic Control(A)(94), Robotics(93), Introductory Pattern Recognition(96)

Research experience
======
* Feb. 2024 – Present 
  * Research content: Detect the fairness of the image generation Model based on Diffusion Model by using bias extraction and forgetting
  * Brief introduction: The Diffusion generation bias is extracted and eliminated by concept forgetting algorithm to improve the fairness of the generated model or specify the proportion of the generated concepts.
  * Duties includes:
    *  Detect the image and extract the face and features in the image by using FairFace and analyze the fairness.
    *   Given the keywords, detect the fairness of images that generated by stable diffusion model.
  * Advisor: Xiaolin Huang, Professor, Vice Dean, Department of Automation, Shanghai Jiao Tong University

* Oct. 2023 – Mar.2024: Member
  * Project Name: Design of distributed collaborative positioning system
  * Brief introduction: Multiple fixed position cameras are used to determine the specific location of the moving car in the field.
  * Duties included:
    * Implemented control code for motors in the camera head on STM32 board, responsible for controlling the yaw and the pitch of the platform to achieve the accurate angle.
    * Completed partial mechanical design of the camera head and design of circuit board.
  * Advisor: Jianping He, Associate Professor, Department of Automation, Shanghai Jiao Tong University

* Mar. 2023 – Feb.2024: Leader
  * Project Name: Implementation and comparison of gas tracing algorithms for dual robots in confined space
  * Brief introduction: The project aimed to trace gas leaks efficiently using robotic systems in constrained environments.
  * Duties included: 
    * Developed code for Raspberry PI to control the wheel motors of the robotic car, ensuring precise movement in the confined space.
    * Implemented communication protocols between the robotic car and the upper computer with ROS2, facilitating real-time data exchange.
    * Wrote the project paper detailing the algorithm design, implementation, and experimental findings.
  * Advisor: Liufang Wang, Senior engineer, Student Innovation Center, Shanghai Jiao Tong University

Work experience
======
* Dec. 2022 - Dec. 2023: Head of Sports Department, School of Electronic Information and Electrical Engineering(SEIEE) Student Union, Shanghai Jiao Tong University
  * Hold the "Feng Xing" Cup basketball game
  * Hold the "Fancy Young Run" activity
  * Hold the "Roll off" cup esports competition
* Mar. 2022 - Dec. 2022: Member of Sports Department, SEIEE Student Union, Shanghai Jiao Tong University
  * Recruit and manage sprinters from the SEIEE in the School sports meeting
  * Representing SEIEE Student Union in the "Star Week" contest
  
Honors And Awards
======
* 3rd Prize of TI Cup National Undergraduate Electronic Design Contest Shanghai area, Aug. 2023
* 3rd Prize of Academic Scholarship of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, 2023
* 3rd Prize of Academic Scholarship of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, 2022
* 2nd Prize of Chinese Physics Olympiad(Zhejiang Area), 2019
