---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Education
======
Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SJTU), Shanghai, China Sept. 2021 – Jun. 2025(expected)
B.E. in Automation(Computer Science and Engineering), Minor in Finance
* Major GPA:3.81/4.3
* Centesimal grade average:89.12/100
Core Courses: Calculus ΙΙ(98), Probability and Statistics(99), Linear Algebra(92), Discrete Mathematics(93),
Data Structure(90), Principles of Automatic Control(A)(94), Robotics(93), Introductory Pattern Recognition(96)

Work experience
======
* Feb. 2024 – Present
  * Research content: Detect the fairness of the image generation Model based on Diffusion Model by using bias extraction and forgetting
  * Brief introduction: The Diffusion generation bias is extracted and eliminated by concept forgetting algorithm to improve the fairness of the generated model or specify the proportion of the generated concepts.
  * Duties includes:
    *  Detect the image and extract the face and features in the image by using FairFace and analyze the fairness.
    *   Given the keywords, detect the fairness of images that generated by stable diffusion model.
  * Advisor: Xiaolin Huang, Professor, Vice Dean, Department of Automation, Shanghai Jiao Tong University

* Oct. 2023 – Mar.2024: Member
  * Project Name: Design of distributed collaborative positioning system
  * Brief introduction: Multiple fixed position cameras are used to determine the specific location of the moving car in the field.
  * Duties included:
    * Implemented control code for motors in the camera head on STM32 board, responsible for controlling the yaw and the pitch of the platform to achieve the accurate angle.
    * Completed partial mechanical design of the camera head and design of circuit board.
  * Advisor: Jianping He, Associate Professor, Department of Automation, Shanghai Jiao Tong University

* Mar. 2023 – Feb.2024: Leader
  * Project Name: Implementation and comparison of gas tracing algorithms for dual robots in confined space
  * Duties included: 
    * Developed code for Raspberry PI to control the wheel motors of the robotic car, ensuring precise movement in the confined space.
    * Implemented communication protocols between the robotic car and the upper computer with ROS2, facilitating real-time data exchange.
    * Wrote the project paper detailing the algorithm design, implementation, and experimental findings.
  * Advisor: Liufang Wang, Senior engineer, Student Innovation Center, Shanghai Jiao Tong University
  
Skills
======
* Programming Languages: Python, C/C++, ROS2, Matlab, Markdown, LaTex
* Platform: Linux
* Software: Office, SOLIDWORKS, Origin, Ansys, Keil v5, STM32CubeMX, Arduino
* Languages: Chinese(native), English(fluent)
  
Honors And Awards
======
* 3rd Prize of TI Cup National Undergraduate Electronic Design Contest Shanghai area, Aug. 2023
* 3rd Prize of Academic Scholarship of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, 2023
* 3rd Prize of Academic Scholarship of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, 2022
* 2nd Prize of Chinese Physics Olmpiad(Zhejiang Area), 2019
